Oozy -- an appetizer from Syria
For the list of ingredients check the description box
In a pan heat the olive oil, add the diced chicken, stir for about 4 minutes.
Add the diced vegetables.
Start by adding diced onions
Add carrots, bell peppers and keep stirring.
Add any other vegetables or your choice.
Add salt/peppers and the 7 spices.
Meanwhile cook rice
Add rice to the vegetables mix and add some chopped parsley
You can add some toasted pine nuts
In a small bowl, line it with a piece of the puff pastry stretching it in all directions
Fill with the previously prepared chicken mixture, and fold the sides up
Carefully transfer it to an oven safe dish
Brush with an egg beaten with a dash of black pepper
Bake in a preheated oven of 350F until golden brown. Took me about 35 minutes.
Serve with green salad or yogurt dip
Enjoy !!